{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FiraCode-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww29840\viewh17600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Nik\'92s BBCs (Brown Butter Cookies)\
\
Ingredients:\
-1 c butter (16 tablespoons)\
-2 tbsp cold water or milk \
-0.5 c granulated sugar\
-1.5c dark brown sugar\
-2 large eggs\
-1 tbsp kosher salt or 2 tsp table salt\
-0.5 tsp baking soda\
-1 tsp cinnamon\
-1.5 tsp vanilla extract\
-11 oz or 2.5 c all purpose flour\
-1-2 c mix-ins (my fav: 1c chocolate chips and 1c rolled oats; white chocolate + macadamia and dark chocolate + walnut are also excellent)\
\
Process:\
1) Brown the butter. Place butter into sauce pan and bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring frequently. Continue cooking until the white specks begin turn dark brown, e.g. color of a brown ale or even a stout. This should take about 15 minutes.\
\
2) Cool the browned butter and rehydrate. Allow browned butter to cool to room temperature, stirring occasionally to break up browned bits. Once cooled, add water or milk and stir to combine. The resulting mixture should look like ordinary butter, but slightly darker and flecked with brown.\
\
3) Cream the sugar and butter. Combine room temperature browned butter, granulated sugar, and dark brown sugar in large bowl and mix until it is light in color and fluffy. \
\
4) Finish making the dough. Add eggs, salt, baking soda, cinnamon, and vanilla to bowl and mix until combined. Once combined, add flour and mix until nearly homogeneous. Finally, add desired mix-ins and stir until they are evenly dispersed in dough. Optionally, taste for poison.\
\
5) Cure the dough. Place dough in fridge; the dough will become stiffer and the flavors will deepen. I recommend 24-48 hours, but it should be at least 4 hours. Do not refrigerate for longer than 4 days, or else it will be dry and crumbly.\
\
6) Bake the cookies. (Finally!) Preheat oven to 350 F. Remove cured dough from fridge and portion into 1 to 1.5 oz cookies, roughly 1 to 1.5 inch in diameter, place on lined baking sheet, and bake for 12-14 minutes depending on size and desired doneness. Allow to cool on rack (or don\'92t, I\'92m not your boss) and enjoy with a tall glass of milk!}