{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18320\viewh9760\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
For most students in MA123, your graded quiz and grade for Quiz #4, the double quiz, will be available at gradescope.com at 10 am on Tuesday, October 11. If your quiz grade is not available at that time, your quiz needs to be rescanned so that we can read and grade it. In that case, we will communicate with you directly when it is available.\
If you have not visited gradescope.com before, you can log in with your BU email address and password.\
The grading is based on a 0-100 scale just as your midterms and final will be. Also, a histogram of the grades for all of the discussion sections is available at\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul \ulc3 http://math.bu.edu/people/paul/123/MA123_quiz_4_histrogram.pdf\cf2 \ulnone \
The median score on the quiz was 73. Each normal quiz grade this semester is based on a 10 point total. Consequently, when we compute your quiz grade at the end of the semester, we will divide your Quiz 4 score by 10 and count it twice. For example, if you got the median score of 73 on the quiz, then we'll use 7.3 as your score for Quiz 4 and we will count it twice.\'a0\
Quiz 4 is worth roughly 3 or 4 percent of your grade for the course, so this score is more of an indicator of how you are doing so far than a major assessment. The midterms and the final exam will play a much more significant role in your grade for the course.\
We are only one-third of the way through the semester, but we are supposed to remind you that, Tuesday, October 11, is the last day to drop without receiving a W on your transcript. If you drop by October 11, there is no record on your transcript that you were in MA123 this semester. There is another drop date, November 14. If you drop between October 11 and November 14, you will receive a grade of W on your transcript. So if you are considering dropping the course, you should be aware of both of these deadlines.\
}